# ARES, created by Verse

ARES (Autonomous Reactive Emissions System) is a hyperimage protocol by Verse. Because a new internet needs new mediums.

# WTF is a hyperimage?
Hyperimage = [ image ] + [ market ] + [ network ]

Ares rethinks the concept of an "image" from first principles, creating a new internet-native and crypto-native medium for images that are more than just static files. In a new internet powered by crypto rails, images are a substrate for memetic coordination. If the web1-web2 era was defined by images that were static, 2D files, Verse believes the next era of the internet will be defined by the hyperimage: an image that is a digital object with a self-contained state, market, and social network programmed into the image itself.

Images = Static, single-player, all value is created by external experiences.

Hyperimages = Dynamic, multiplayer, value accrues to the image by virtue of its internally programmed mechanisms.

# Aight cool but why?
Let's consider how images exist on the internet today. On the modern internet, most images are just static files hosted on some centralized servers. We create and freely distribute these images on large networks like Instagram, YouTube, and Twitter. The problem is that these images have no interally programmed mechanisms to accrue value. Intuitively, it makes sense that an image becomes more valuable as a function of the attention it generates within a demand-constrained attention economy. The more people look at, share, or curate an image, the more valuable it becomes. However, all of these social mechanisms are monopolized by centralized platforms that rent-seek these behaviors and extract much of the value for themselves.

# Where do NFTs come into play?
As a meme proliferation machine, the internet increasingly runs on one very powerful substrate: images. Over the past decade, catalyzed by the ubiquity of the camera, images (as a superset classifier including videos) have become the internet's dominant informational medium, eclipsing other forms like text or audio. 

For much of the internet's history, images have been static files, primarily existing on centralized servers. The consequences of this paradigm have been profound. To capture the value generated by digital images in an ever-expanding, demand-constrained economy, platforms naturally emerge to lock images in walled gardens and funnel attention into downstream revenue extraction. It's the model that has turned YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok into the most influential and powerful products of our time. 

Again, digital images are just static files. Thus, to translate images into value, platforms must emerge to 

# Background
First, we had pictures. From cave drawings to religious pamphlets to renaissance oil paintings, the first forms of images were created and distributed by hand. Then came photos; the advent of the camera meant that we now had a tool to instantly capture what we experienced live. This new medium synthesized the ability for people to directly see the world through other people's eyes. Memetic forces became stronger. The internet supercharged the effect of photos. As a meme proliferation machine, the internet has made digital imagery the most powerful coordination medium in history, the substrate of the new prime layer of reality. Digital images affect every aspect of humanity, and with the development of new AI-driven tools, will certainly influence the growth of our species more than text, audio, kinesis, or any other informational medium.

As mentioned, images as a communicative substrate have evolved profoundly over time, from pictures, to photos, to digtially-created works. For current digital society, our perception of an "image" is simply a static file that exists somewhere on a centralized server. That's it. And the consequences of images being statically  An underdiscussed aspect of digital images is that they're actually inherently skeuomorphic -  

# What are hyperimages?

The Ares protocol is a new medium for internet-native images: hyperimages. Hyperimages are 

Crypto infrastructure enables us to create the next evolution of images that are programmable; living, breathing objects that have three fundamental components: a state, a market, and a network. 

Hyperimage = [ Image ] + [ Market ] + [ Network ]

Through the protocol, a creator deploys a contract `Pair` consisting of an ERC-20 `Exchange` contract and an ERC-721 `Hyperobject` contract. The dynamic price and supply of the ERC-20 token is managed by a bonding curve acting as an AMM. Simply, this means that anyone can `buy` and `sell` the token at any time with instant liquidity, and the contract will programmatically adjust the price based on the circulating supply. Holders of at least 1 atomic unit of the ERC-20 token can then `redeem` their token. Redeeming a token transfers the holder’s ERC-20 to the paired `Hyperobject` contract, which mints a new NFT and transfers it to the redeemer in exchange.


# Hyperobject Pair

The cornerstone of the protocol is the `PairFactory` contract. The `PairFactory` is a factory contract which handles deployment of hyperobject pairs as minimal clone proxies delegating functionality to corresponding logic contracts. Each pair consists of a `Hyperobject` contract (an ERC-721 NFT contract) and an `Exchange` contract (an ERC-20 contract). The `create` function deploys a new pair.

# Hyperobject Contract

Each `Hyperobject` contract deployed is an ERC-721 contract. The `tokenURI`s for each NFT minted through this contract are identical and are set to the `baseURI` passed at construction. Minting functionality of NFTs is managed exclusively by the paired `Exchange` contract.

# Exchange Contract
Each `Exchange` contract deployed is an ERC-20 contract. This contract has a built-in autonomous exchange governing the price and supply of the underlying token through the use of a bonding curve. Anyone can buy and sell tokens from this contract with instant liquidity, meaning that the contract will mint and burn tokens on-demand, respectively. The bonding curve is based on a power function, and so the price of the token increases as supply increases, and the price decreases as supply decreases.

Anyone who owns >= 1 atomic token for this contract can call the `redeem` function. This function makes a call to the paired ERC-721 contract. Upon the token owner calling this function, the contract transfers 1 token from the caller to the paired ERC-721 contract. In exchange, the ERC-721 contract mints and transfers an NFT to the caller. In effect, the redeemed ERC-20 token is now locked in the ERC-721 contract. This has the effect of maintaining some base price level for the NFT, as the redeemed token can never be burned and subsequently decrease the token's price. 

Additionally, upon deployment, the pair creator can specify a `CreatorShare`. The `CreatorShare` represents a royalty fee on each transaction that occurs through the contract. By specifying a share percentage, the creator can be perpetually compensated for trades that happen with the token. 

# Summary + Vision
This new exchange structure produces numerous benefits for both creators and consumers.

**Consumers** now have instant liquidity to buy and sell continuous quantities of the NFT. Those individuals who may have been priced out of participating in a fixed-price NFT can now buy fractions of the underlying ERC-20, while whales can still scoop up larger quantities. Thus, the mechanism enables exchanging all along the price curve and maximizes efficiency in the market.

Additionally, **creators** have complete control in determining how their NFT is priced throughout its lifecycle. The creator can specify the underlying reserve ratio and initial slope of the ERC-20 price curve, fine-tuning how they want their object to be priced as demand rises and falls. In this way, creators can set a practical limit on the NFT’s supply and enforce a level of scarcity.

Perhaps most importantly, Verse enables digital objects to live autonomously, anywhere on the internet, without ever needing to link out to a marketplace. Imagine scrolling on a website, seeing a Verse-created NFT, and being able to exchange it right then and there. It’s like if you were walking down the street, saw a pair of Nike Dunks, and could snap your fingers to put a pair on your feet - rather than having to track down the lowest price, go to the store, and then buy them. Thus, the protocol catalyzes new forms of discovery with the ability for objects to be exchanged where they are consumed.

The scope of digital objects is impossible to comprehend, but one thing is certain. They will fundamentally transform the construction of the internet, affecting our relationships with media, culture, digital infrastructure, identity, and more. **Verse is a hyperexchange: a hyperstructure enabling the autonomous exchange of digital objects and creating a composable, infinite internet.**

